c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.exe
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.deps.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.Application.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.Domain.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.Infraestructure.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.Domain.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.Application.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.Infraestructure.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.styles.css
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Trabajo\Trabajo Final\Curso.ComercioElectronico\src\Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
